Create rule S6412[terraform]: Unversioned Google Cloud Storage buckets are security-sensitive (#749)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6412/description.adoc

> When object versioning for GCP storage buckets is enabled, different versions of an object are stored in the bucket, preventing accidental deletion. A specific version can always be deleted when the generation number of an object version is specified in the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When object versioning for Google Cloud Storage (GCS) buckets is enabled, different versions of an object are stored in the bucket, preventing accidental deletion. A specific version can always be deleted when the generation number of an object version is specified in the request.
```
